She looked at her student wondering if she could ever get through to him. You need to learn to think for yourself she wanted to say. Your friends are holding you back. But she didnt because she knew his friends were all that he had and even if that meant a life of misery he would never give them up.
It seemed like it should have been so simple. There was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. It was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time but that wasnt the case. The deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
The red glow of tail lights indicating another long drive home from work after an even longer 24 hour shift at the hospital. The shift hadnt been horrible but the constant stream of patients entering the ER meant there was no downtime. She had some of the regulars in tonight with new ailments they were sure were going to kill them. Its amazing what a couple of Tylenol and a physical exam from the doctor did to eliminate their pain, nausea, headache, or whatever other mild symptoms they had. Sometimes she wondered if all they really needed was some interaction with others and a bit of the individual attention they received from the nurses.
The box sat on the desk next to the computer. It had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier. She didnt know who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been. As she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life.
Spending time at national parks can be an exciting adventure, but this wasnt the type of excitement she was hoping to experience. As she contemplated the situation she found herself in, she knew she had gotten herself in a little more than she bargained for. It wasnt often that she found herself in a tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were looking to make her their next meal.
Are you getting my texts she texted to him. He glanced at it and chuckled under his breath. Of course he was getting them, but if he wasnt getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? He put the phone down and continued on his project. He was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so.
She needed glasses. It wasnt that she couldnt see without them, but what she could see with them. When she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond. It was like a superpower. But she needed glasses.
Betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing. She had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be. She could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece. She was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper.
He collected the plastic trash on a daily basis. It never seemed to end. Even if he cleaned the entire beach, more plastic would cover it the next day after the tide had come in. Although it was a futile effort that would never be done, he continued to pick up the trash each day.
She wondered if the note had reached him. She scolded herself for not handing it to him in person. She trusted her friend, but so much could happen. She waited impatiently for word.
There was only one way to do things in the Statton house. That one way was to do exactly what the father, Charlie, demanded. He made the decisions and everyone else followed without question. That was until today.
It was hidden under the log beside the stream. It had been there for as long as Jerry had been alive. He wasnt sure if anyone besides him and his friends knew of its existence. He knew that anyone could potentially find it, but it was well enough hidden that it seemed unlikely to happen. The fact that it had been there for more than 30 years attested to this. So it was quite a surprise when he found the item was missing.
The red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. It had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. The other toys grumbled beneath. At one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.
Betty was a creature of habit and she thought she liked it that way. That was until Dave showed up in her life. She now had a choice to make and it would determine whether her lie remained the same or if it would change forever.
The computer wouldnt start. She banged on the side and tried again. Nothing. She lifted it up and dropped it to the table. Still nothing. She banged her closed fist against the top. It was at this moment she saw the irony of trying to fix the machine with violence.
He was an expert but not in a discipline that anyone could fully appreciate. He knew how to hold the cone just right so that the soft server ice cream fell into it at the precise angle to form a perfect cone each and every time. It had taken years to perfect and he could now do it without even putting any thought behind it. Nobody seemed to fully understand the beauty of this accomplishment except for the new worker who watched in amazement.
Where do they get a random paragraph he wondered as he clicked the generate button. Do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? At that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
He knew what he was supposed to do. That had been apparent from the beginning. That was what made the choice so difficult. What he was supposed to do and what he would do were not the same. This would have been fine if he were willing to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasnt.
Twenty five hours had passed since the incident. It seemed to be a lot longer than that. That twenty five hours seemed more like a week in her mind. The fact that she still was having trouble comprehending exactly what took place wasnt helping the matter. She thought if she could just get a little rest the entire incident might make a little more sense.
They had made it to Las Vegas, wide eyed and with so much hope and energy. They had planned the trip for more than a year and both were so excited they could barely control themselves. They still hadnt realized that Las Vegas promised a place where dreams come true, it was actually the place where dreams came to die.